Day 11 of making Pixel Brawl. I got a
comment saying the fighters looked too
small compared to the backgrounds.
[music] And honestly, they were right.
So, today I opened up Pixel Labs create
map tool and started rebuilding the
stages from scratch. I kept generating
and adjusting until everything felt
tighter and more like a real fighting
game. We resized the maps from 496x
304 down to 320x
180 and zoomed in the camera so the
[music] characters finally fill the
screen. And while I was at it, I also
made a few new maps, [music] not just
the four default ones anymore. Now there
are even more arenas to fight in.
Another comment mentioned making the
game harder each round. So I told Claude
Code to ramp up the difficulty every
time you win. Now enemies move faster
and [music] hit harder with each round.
The fights feel closer, faster, and way
more intense [music] than before. What
should I work on next? Let me know in
the comments. and come back tomorrow for
day